README.md, before:

# profile-overview
A repo designed to somewhat organize the projects that I have on my GitHub account

## Operating Systems
| Name                                                              | Description                                                     |
| ----------------------------------------------------------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------- |
| [rfos](https://github.com/rfmineguy/2024_barebones_os)            | - Basic operating system with a few file system commands        |

## Graphics
| Name                                                              | Description                                                     |
| ----------------------------------------------------------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------- |
| [Zeungine](https://github.com/rfmineguy/Zeungine)                 | - Project that I'm collaborating on                             |
| [MetalCpp Testing](https://github.com/rfmineguy/metalcpp-testing) | - Project for discoverin g how to do Apple MetalAPI programming |
| [fireflylib](https://github.com/rfmineguy/firefly-lib)            | - A small library intended for making games in C with           |


## Libraries
| Name                                                              | Description                                                     |
| ----------------------------------------------------------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------- |
| [mirrorlib](https://github.com/rfmineguy/mirror-lib)              | - A small library for simulating perfect reflections            |


## Command Line
| Name                                                                      | Description                                                           |
| -----------------------------------------------------------------         | ---------------------------------------------------------------       |
| [Generics Generator](https://github.com/rfmineguy/generics-generator)     | - A work in progress library for generating generic C data structures |


## Minecraft Modding
| Name                                                                      | Description                                                           |
| -----------------------------------------------------------------         | ---------------------------------------------------------------       |
| [modular-tools](https://github.com/rfmineguy/modular-tools)               | - A modification for minecraft that rethinks how tools can be used    |


## Programming Languages
| Name                                                              | Descripbion                                                       |
| ----------------------------------------------------------------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------   |
| [spaz](https://github.com/rfmineguy/spaz)                         | - A stack based programming language inspired by @Tsoding's Porth |
| [spaz-docs](https://github.com/rfmineguy/spaz-docs)               | - The documentation repo to go along with the spaz language       |
| [spaz-docs-website](https://rfmineguy.github.io/spaz-docs/)       | - The web url for the spaz documentation site                     |

## Games
| Name                                                              | Descripbion                                                       |
| ----------------------------------------------------------------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------   |
| [Mornamals](https://github.com/rfmineguy/mornamals2)              | - A game I worked on with an elementory school friend             |
| [c-game-clones](https://github.com/rfmineguy/c-game-clones)       | - Some game recreations using the raylib graphics library         |


## Misc
| Name                                                              | Descripbion                                                       |
| ----------------------------------------------------------------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------   |
| [dotfiles](https://github.com/rfmineguy/dotfiles)                 | - A repo for storing my personal system configuration files       |

Commit message:

README: Reverted the tables and fixed some typos

README.md, after:

# profile-overview
A repo designed to somewhat organize the projects that I have on my GitHub account

## Operating Systems
[rfos](https://github.com/rfmineguy/2024_barebones_os) - Basic operating system with a few file system commands

## Graphics
[Zeungine](https://github.com/rfmineguy/Zeungine) - Game engine project that I'm collaborating on
[MetalCpp Testing](https://github.com/rfmineguy/metalcpp-testing) - Project for learning Apple's MetalAPI
[fireflylib](https://github.com/rfmineguy/firefly-lib) - A small library intended for making games in C


## Libraries
[mirrorlib](https://github.com/rfmineguy/mirror-lib) - A small library for simulating perfect reflections


## Command Line
[Generics Generator](https://github.com/rfmineguy/generics-generator) - A work in progress library for generating generic C data structures |


## Minecraft Modding
[modular-tools](https://github.com/rfmineguy/modular-tools) - A modification for minecraft that rethinks how tools can be used


## Programming Languages
[spaz](https://github.com/rfmineguy/spaz) - A stack based programming language inspired by [Tsoding's](https://github.com/tsoding) Porth
[spaz-docs](https://github.com/rfmineguy/spaz-docs) - The documentation repository to go along with the spaz language
[spaz-docs-website](https://rfmineguy.github.io/spaz-docs/) - The web url for the spaz documentation site

## Games
[Mornamals](https://github.com/rfmineguy/mornamals2) - A game I worked on with classmate
[c-game-clones](https://github.com/rfmineguy/c-game-clones) - Recreations of classic games using the raylib graphics library


## Misc
[dotfiles](https://github.com/rfmineguy/dotfiles) - A repository for storing my personal system configuration files
